{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18520\viewh13940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 overview slide\
\
	I came home from school with my nose pounded sideways and eyes\
swollen blurry from crying and taking fists to the face. There was dirt in my hair,\
tooth grit crunching in my mouth and my fingers were so numb I couldn\'92t work\
the key into the lock. One of our neighbors had to let me in the building.\
	\'93Six B? You\'92re in six B, right?\'94\
	I nodded, jiggled the latch, blubbered something incoherent through the\
balled up shirt I was using to mop my blood mustache.\
	\'93Hold on, I\'92m a-comin\'92,\'94 he said, pulling one of those two wheel pull\
carts through the lobby like it were an old dog. \'93Say now \'97 what happened to\
you? You fall or somethin\'92?\'94\
I	 was probably twelve at the time, I guess. Mom\'92s latest boyfriend, Jack,\
had moved us in with him over the weekend. His apartment wasn\'92t so far from\
our old place that I had to start a new school, but it was in a different\
neighborhood, the rough Western Addition; I was the new kid all the same. I\
didn\'92t know anybody on my block and the beat down I\'92d just suffered behind the\
row of Section 8\'92s between home and school was a bitter introduction to my new\
zip code. \
\
1st slide\
\
After the game, while we waited for Lima Bean to finish up in the\
showers, me and Juan killed time by breaking into lockers. The rest of our team\
was long gone, having caught a ride home with their parents or with Coach and\
now that the locker room was completely empty, thieving seemed like the only\
thing to do. The two of us had already flooded one of the toilets, scratched graffiti\
into the mirrors and emptied the paper towel dispenser all over the floor. \
\
2nd slide\
\
The motel was right off the exit in the shadow of the Route 80 sound wall\
in El Cerrito under the tallest Super 8 sign you\'92d ever seen. I mean, it must\'92ve\
been like a hundred feet, at least. The thing was all lit up and blinking, even\
though it was the middle of the day. I guessed that was to make extra sure you\
couldn\'92t miss it, even if you wanted to.\
Mom spiraled down the ramp, blew a yellow light and pulled up under the\
motel\'92s drive-thru awning. Neither of us had said one word coming across the\
bridge. I had no idea what to expect.\
I unbuckled my seatbelt. \'93Why couldn\'92t Dad\'92ve come into the city?\'94 I\
asked as I looked out across the parking lot for his car.\
It\'92d been three years since I\'92d seen him. I didn\'92t remember what the car\
looked like, but I had this sick feeling anyway that it wasn\'92t there. That me and\
Mom were going to be driving back across the bridge together \'97 the whole way\
her mumbling curses under the turned up radio and me having to sit there and\
fake like everything was fine and I wasn\'92t bothered at all. \
\
3rd slide\
\
Lima Bean sat down on the carpet, cupped the dented Coke can to his lips\
and sparked the lighter to it. He puffed and sucked and gasped huge, empty\
breaths through the mouth hole until his cheeks flamed red like the embers he was\
blowtorching.\
\'93Retard. You\'92re not doin\'92 it right. Told ya\'92 you didn\'92t poke enough holes,\'94\
Juan was laying on his back, with his head hanging off his mattress. \'93All you\'92re\
doin\'92 is hittin\'92 can fumes, man. Shit will give you Alzheimer's. Here. Lemme try.\'94\
Juan grabbed the makeshift pipe, put a flame to it, pulled once, twice, then\
suddenly heaved over and barked up a cumulous of Mexico\'92s finest brick weed\
into the middle of the room. The afternoon sun blasted through the churning\
avalanche highlighting a microscopic confetti of smoke, lung and spit. \
\
4th slide\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 At the rear of school property, we peeled back a broken flap of the\
sagging, rusted chain link fence and crashed through some bushes to end up on\
the breezeway that split right through the middle of campus. Coming the other\
way were Paige and Ashley, two identical twins from our grade.\
\'93Hey,\'94 Paige sang, bouncing towards us on her tip-toes. She opened her\
arms, reached up and gave me the kind of big hug that made her boobs smush like\
water balloons in between us. \'93You\'92ll give a girl one of those ciggies, won\'92t ya\'92?\'94\
Paige was the first girl I\'92d ever kissed and she\'92d been my girlfriend \'97 in\
fifth grade \'97 for three and a half days over the Columbus holiday weekend. Back\
at school on Tuesday, she had Ashley slip me a breakup note during lunch. Now,\
we were supposed to be just friends, but that didn\'92t stop Paige from laying the\
mack on me any time she\'92d get the feeling to.\
I said, \'93Of course, yeah, sure, have two.\'94\
Paige slipped out of my hands, passed one to Ashley and said, \'93What\'92d I\
tell ya\'92? Such a sweetheart, isn\'92t he?\'94\
The five of us went around to the back side of the gym, where we couldn\'92t\
be seen from the teacher\'92s parking lot, to light up. We huddled along the long,\
brick wall with the weeds and wind blown trash next to a door that led directly\
into the boy\'92s locker room. The door was supposed to be exit only; its outside\
handle had been sawed off. There was no way to get in except to pry the latch\
open with a knife and then hope that Coach didn\'92t catch you on the sneak. We did\
it all the time.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
5th slide\
\
 It was Saturday. We were bored. There was nothing else in the world we\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 could think of to do but kick it on the corner with the O.G.\'91s \'97 pitching quarters,\
being lookouts, listening in on their conversations \'97 while we all waited for\
some action to come and find us.\
\'93An\'92, an\'92 then she start yellin\'92, ya\'92 know whatta mean \'97 wit\'92 tha phone\
inn-er hand \'97 Imma dialin\'92. Imma callin tha cops. It\'92sa ringin\'92\'97 an\'92 imma\
backin\'92 away, sayin\'92 you can have it. Take the got-damn neck-lace, I don\'92 care.\'94\
Old Lou peeled his off his ball cap, then slapped it back on. \'93Whatta I care?\'94\
\'93I feel ya\'92,\'94 Fat Mack said. \'93It\'92s justa neck-lace, a chinaman\'92s pawnshop\
special. Who cares, right?\'94\
\'93Not me.\'94 Old Lou took a long look all the way up the block and then all\
the way back down, the whole time shaking his head like Muhammad Ali. \'93I don\'92\
care at all.\'94\
These old dudes from the neighborhood were our idols to wasting time.\
That was all they did. From early morning to well after the streetlights came on\
you could find them out front of Loosey\'92s Liquors and Fine Deli spinning bullshit,\
drinking out of paper bags, playing bones on top of the garbage can, only pausing\
occasionally to step off the curb and make a quick dime sale through an open car\
window or to go in the store for another quart and a lotto scratcher.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
6th slide\
\
At night they kept the playground locked, but that didn\'92t matter because as\
long as you had two hands and two feet and weren\'92t retarded or a girl, you could\
easily climb over the chain link fence to get inside.\
I mean, everybody knew that because they weren\'92t as strong as us, girls\
needed a boost to get started on their way up and then a good push on the ass to\
propel them over the top.\
\'93Hey,\'94 Paige said. \'93I didn\'92t say you could grab.\'94\
\'93I wanted to make sure you didn\'92t get stuck,\'94 I told her. \'93Like last time.\'94\
\'93My god, that was embarrassing \'97 for you.\'94 Ashley watched her sister\
jump down into a manicured patch of grass. \'93Served you right for wearing like\
the shortest skirt ever. What did you think would happen?\'94\
Paige brushed her hands off and tucked her bangs behind her ears. \'93I was\
more concerned with looking cute.\'94\
\'93And instead of helping you down, all the boys were more concerned with\
trying to peep at your underwear.\'94\
\'93Not trying,\'94 Lima Bean said. \'93Mission accomplished.\'94\
\
7th slide\
\
Everything about the Cadillac was gold: the paint job, the door handles,\
the frisbee rims. Even the curlicued antenna, the weather stripping down the\
windows. But it was too early in the morning; nobody was up in my\
neighborhood to see. Not the O.G.\'92s who hung out in front of Loosey\'92s. Not even\
the shopping cart people who dug through our trash.\
The sedan pulled up to the apartment, beeped so I knew it was them. I\
went down the walkway. Got in the back seat.\
\'93Mind your shoes on the leather,\'94 Uncle Bob said.\
Then we were off in the brand new Fleetwood curling up the Central\
Freeway onramp gliding out over the rooftops of the city. Grandpa driving with\
his knee, fiddling with the knobs and levers and shifters of the luxury car. The\
radio clicked on, blaring a polka. The wipers stood up and fell down across the\
dry windshield.\
\
8th slide\
\
\'93So it really is really happening, huh?\'94 I asked him. \'93You\'92re leaving?\'94\
This was the next day, we were at the playground screwing around on the\
swing set. It was cloudy, we were depressed and I was wishing we had basketball\
practice to at least take our minds off everything. I would\'92ve gladly run a million\
wind sprints. Shot free throws until my arm fell off. Anything to keep my best\
friend from being erased from my life.\
\'93It\'92s like a freakin\'92 nightmare and I wanna wake up now.\'94\
Juan wasn\'92t kidding, either. Not only was he really moving, but to top it\
off, Lola had thrown away all of our magazines.\
\'93I\'92ll pinch you, let\'92s see if that helps,\'94 I said and grabbed him by the tit\
and twisted.\
\'93This might sound stupid,\'94 Lima Bean said, getting up plenty of height on\
the swing, then leaping off in mid arc. \'93But I kind of miss you already.\'94\
\'93You\'92re right.\'94 Juan shoved a stick in the ground where Lima Bean\'92s heels\
had landed and climbed onto the swing himself. \'93It does sound stupid.\'94\
\
}